Come on, Empress
If there is a Yao girl, she will celebrate the success. By the way, she will ask for another dress.
The emperor's concubines are not overbearing people either
Now that he is back
It is reasonable to receive some grace
Since I fell in love with you
I realize that I am not a nostalgic person
Just because he saved my heart back then
I'm just grateful for not being able to repay in time
The emperor is divided between hearts and belly
The concubine was worried that he would come back suddenly
It will be bad for the emperor
Since I recovered
I tried my best to find him but couldn't find him
And he suddenly came back
It will inevitably make people's hearts and business move
If he is just for glory and wealth
We have all given and deserve to give
I'm afraid he has other plans
If not for the glory and wealth
What else could it be for?